Class Inheritance Relationships:
org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEServer extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEManagedObject
org.jboss.management.j2ee.EJB extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEManagedObject
org.jboss.management.j2ee.JTAResource extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEResource
org.jboss.management.j2ee.EntityBean extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.EJB
org.jboss.management.j2ee.StatefulSessionBean extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.SessionBean
org.jboss.management.mejb.JMSClientNotificationListener extends org.jboss.management.mejb.ClientNotificationListener
org.jboss.management.j2ee.JVM extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEManagedObject
org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEDeployedObject extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEManagedObject
org.jboss.management.j2ee.JDBCDataSource extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEManagedObject
org.jboss.management.j2ee.MessageDrivenBean extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.EJB
org.jboss.management.j2ee.SingleJBossServerManagement extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEDomain
org.jboss.management.j2ee.JDBCResource extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEResource
org.jboss.management.j2ee.ResourceAdapter extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEManagedObject
org.jboss.management.j2ee.Servlet extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEManagedObject
org.jboss.management.j2ee.SessionBean extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.EJB
org.jboss.management.j2ee.JCAResource extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEResource
org.jboss.management.mejb.RMIClientNotificationListener extends org.jboss.management.mejb.ClientNotificationListener
org.jboss.management.mejb.SearchClientNotificationListener extends org.jboss.management.mejb.ClientNotificationListener
org.jboss.management.j2ee.JCAManagedConnectionFactory extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEManagedObject
org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEApplication extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEDeployedObject
org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEManagedObject extends org.jboss.system.ServiceMBeanSupport
org.jboss.management.j2ee.AppClientModule extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEModule
org.jboss.management.j2ee.InvalidParentException extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.WrapperException
org.jboss.management.j2ee.JMSResource extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEResource
org.jboss.management.j2ee.URLResource extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEResource
org.jboss.management.j2ee.JDBCDriver extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEManagedObject
org.jboss.management.j2ee.JNDIResource extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEResource
org.jboss.management.j2ee.JavaMailResource extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEResource
org.jboss.management.j2ee.ResourceAdapterModule extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEModule
org.jboss.management.j2ee.EJBModule extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEModule
org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEDomainTarget extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEManagedObject
org.jboss.management.j2ee.CountStatistic extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.Statistic
org.jboss.management.j2ee.JCAConnectionFactory extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEManagedObject
org.jboss.management.j2ee.TimeStatistic extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.Statistic
org.jboss.management.j2ee.WebModule extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEModule
org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEResource extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEManagedObject
org.jboss.management.j2ee.WrapperException extends java.lang.Exception
org.jboss.management.mejb.PollingClientNotificationListener extends org.jboss.management.mejb.ClientNotificationListener
org.jboss.management.j2ee.RMI_IIOPResource extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEResource
org.jboss.management.j2ee.StatelessSessionBean extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.SessionBean
org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEDomain extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEManagedObject
org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEModule extends org.jboss.management.j2ee.J2EEDeployedObject
